{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\lang1033\b\f0\fs48 R\fs44 ISE\fs48  O\fs44 F\fs48  R\fs44 EIGN\par
\par
\pard\b0\fs40 Overview\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\fs20\tab\fs24 [See Screenshot] Fasten Your Seat belts for an Ultimate Gaming Experience, First time ever an RTS game in pure VB. No DirectX or OpenGL. Just VB. You can create your own base and make units to defend your base. Move over six missions. 100% Original Formula. Fully modable. You can make custom mods for RoR and also submit on psc :]. Used trigonometry in detail. MapEdit is included which can make/edit maps at ease. With its powerful script engine you can give string commands and use them in your map. Modder is also included. You can edit rules of different weapons, tanks, aircrafts, buildings, Modder is a bit incomplete. NOTE : USE THIS GAME COMPILED, please vote.\line\pard\par
\b\fs22 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b0\fs24\par
\fs40 What is RTS\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\fs32 Real-time strategy:-\par
\line\fs24 A real-time strategy (RTS) video game is a strategic game that is distinctly not turn-based. According to Brett Sperry, the phrase real-time was used to \line\line distinguish such games within the broader genre of strategic wargames, which has a longer history both inside and outside of video gaming. Some important \line\line concepts related to real-time strategy include combat- and twitch-oriented action. Other RTS gameplay mechanics implied are resource gathering, base \line\line building and technological development, as well as abstract unit control (giving orders as opposed to controlling units directly).\line\line Additionally, the in-game user interface is much like a computer desktop: the player can manipulate controls and in-game units with techniques such as clicking \line\line and dragging. Each player in an RTS may interact with the game independently of other players, so that no player has to wait for someone else to finish a turn\par
\pard\b\fs22 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b0\fs24\par
\fs40 Strategy\par
\fs24\tab History Begins after 2050,\par
Due to the dead political crisis and unclear thoughts of people on earth about existence of \par
extraterrestrials. A migration took place. People denying the facts about ETs shifted themselves.\par
\par
USPF: Main population settlement of humans on earth an surrounding planets\par
ULPF: Other minority group living in the planets far from Stars. They gather dark energy from the\par
nearby moons and prepare special weapons. They also got much info from past UFO crashes\par
They make unfair use of alien technology and also fear that once the existence of ET is \par
confirmed they will have their weapons sale blocked.\par
\par
The Two Sides also went on war a several wars and WW IV also happened on 2214 \par
\par
Today 2347\par
\tab When suddenly a UFO crashed on the battlefield when the two teams were indulged \par
in war. The massive explosion took place and the whole battlefield was destroyed. A scout of \par
ULPF was called immediately. Now ULPF holds important NFO from the crash site\par
\tab Sir, As a Supreme Commander of USPF you have the duty of retrieving \par
important info left in ULPF's hand..\par
\par
\b\fs22 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b0\fs24\par
\fs40 Manual\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\fs24\tab OK, the question HOW is important\line\line To move a unit\line Click on it and click the destination position.\line To unselect\line Rightclick on ground\line To order a unit to attack\line Just click the target unit or building or allow unit to get close to a unit\line To multiple select our units\line Make a selection box (like in desktop)\line To move around map\line Move your pointer around corners and edges of screen\par
To make a building\line Select command centre (tall main building) and in BuildBar \line select the structure you want, and then in map place that structure.\line To make a tank\line Select war portal, (flat thingy) and select the tank you want\line To repair structure\line Select structure and click last icon (magnifying glass)\line\line\tab These requires cost and techlevel, to increase techlevel build techlabs.\line To increase money build power plants. Power plants extracts energy from\line earth and converts it into mass to make tanks and buildings.\line\line Finish mission by finishing objectives described main menu\par
\pard\b\fs22 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b0\fs20\par
\pard\qc\b\fs48 F\fs44 OR\fs48  D\fs44 EVELOPERS\par
\fs48\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\fs40\tab MAP SCRIPTING\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\fs24\tab Every object in the game is called by it's index number\par
\line destunt(index)\line\tab Destroys the tank of the index\line destbldng(index)\line\tab Destroys structure of the index\line makebldng(ini as string,side as string,flip as boolean,x as integer,y as integer)\line\tab Makes a structure, ini is the name of building, side is the side ('Allies' for user)\line flip is the rotation of structure, X & Y are the position of structure.\line\tab maketank(ini as string,side as string,x as integer,y as integer,toX as integer,toY as integer)\line toX & toY is the destination place of the tank\line\tab airmission(dock as integer,side as sting,ini as string,x as integer,y as integer) \line Initializes an air mission on ...\line\tab dock is index of airfield, X&Y are the target location\line nmsl(x as integer,y as integer)\line\tab Fires nuclear missile on X and Y\line bolt(x as integer,y as integer)\line\tab lightning strikes on X and Y\line\line Use strings without quotations\line example :-] makebldng(AircraftCarrier,Allies,false,512,512)\line Press F* for command line\par
\pard\fs20\par
\b\fs22 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\b0\fs44\tab MOD MAKING\par
\par
\fs28 Use modder to edit rules files\par
Also explore Rules dir for manual editing\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\fs24 OSVV Capture is also included. Now you can convert RA2/TS voxels into images and use them in game\line\line THIS LOOKS LIKE A BIG PROCESS BUT IT IS NOT BIG\line IT IS EASY, SIMPLE & QUICK\line\line Firstly download Open Source Voxel Viewer from ppmsite.com\line Now open it : Open a voxel or just download it from ppmsite.com forums.\line You can also extract RA2/TS voxels by XCC Mixer (Search it in google),(RA2 or TS necessary)\par
Now Open the voxel : Goto ground tab and uncheck the "Draw Ground".\line Also goto Sky and uncheck "Draw Sky" : Goto "Unit" tab and set "Unit Rot" to 0\line Now goto View -> Camera Manager : Set 'Y Rot' to 0 and 'depth' to -40\line Open 'OSVV Capture' that I made. It is in \\OSVV Capture\\\line\line Drag the "Grab textbox" button to the "unit rot" textbox in 'Unit' tab and release it\line similarly drag 'Get 3D View box' and release it over the 3D viewer of OSVV.\line Also with 'Get Window'. drop it over the the window of OSVV.\line Now rename 'Artillery' to the name of voxel (eg. Tank , M1)\par
Just click "Process". Wait till the rotation is complete\line Now goto images folder. You will see all the extracted images.\line\line The images extracted will be non transparent bitmaps\line Use Adobe Photoshop or any other software to make transparent regions and remove label\line If using adobe, Prefer making actions and batch images (it saves time and effort).\line The format of image must be gif and with transparency\line The name of file must be \line Name & Number & ' copy.gif'\line like Medium Tank1 copy.gif\line\line Number must start from 0 to 20 (complete 360 degree rotation)\line\line Crop the extracted image for best results.\line Also open 'Rules' folder and see for diffrent ini files which \line includes the characterstics of the tanks, weapons, etc\line You can now make new units and use them in your custom mod of RoR\par
\pard\b\fs22 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Thanks for giving precious time by\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Downloading Rise of Reign\par
\par
\tab\tab Now I expect that you will also give some precious time on voting :)\b0\fs44\par
}
 